readme.md, before:

# Yahoo Screen Space Saver

Removes ads on Yahoo Mail and frees some space for smaller screens.

Find 'Yahoo Screen Space Saver' on [Mozilla Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/yahoo-screen-space-saver/)!

## Description

This add-on hides some of the ads on Yahoo Mail, as well as hiding the gray banner at the top of the page, to make the site work better for smaller screens.

Ads hidden:
- Right Sidebar Ad
- Top Banner Ad (when viewing an email)
- Ads between emails* (when viewing inbox)

\* Yahoo makes it difficult to remove the gap for the ad, but the ad text is not shown

Space freed:
- Top gray header hidden (Home/Mail/News/Finance)
- Right toolbar hidden

## Technical Details

The add-on asks for permission to `Access your data for sites in the mail.yahoo.com domain` and `Access your data for mail.yahoo.com`, but this add-on does not read any of your emails - it only hides (does not display) the advertisements.

The source code for this add-on can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/lgsoohoo/yahooScreenSpaceSaver).

You can also view the code by right-clicking the "Add to Firefox" button and selecting "Save Link As...". Then change the file's extension from `.xpi` to `.zip` and extract the file.

Commit message:

Update screenshots for new Yahoo layout

readme.md, after:

# Yahoo Screen Space Saver

_A Firefox plugin to optimize Yahoo Mail's layout for smaller screens!_

![A screenshot of Yahoo Mail, with the extension installed](./screenshots/yahoo-with-extension.png)

Available on the [Mozilla Add-ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/yahoo-screen-space-saver/) page.

For ad blocking, I recommend using the [uBlock Origin](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/ublock-origin/) extension.

## Technical Details

The add-on asks for permission to `Access your data for sites in the mail.yahoo.com domain` and `Access your data for mail.yahoo.com`, but this add-on does not read any of your emails. The permission is required in order to run on yahoo.com.

The source code for this add-on can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/lgsoohoo/yahooScreenSpaceSaver).

You can also view the code by right-clicking the "Add to Firefox" button and selecting "Save Link As...". Then change the file's extension from `.xpi` to `.zip` and extract the file.
